The first cells really appear around the 18th day, the blood cells.
Three important parts.
The origin will come from the umbilical vesicle, which integrates with the blood.
That's where it has what we call primitive megaloblasts.
This lasts for the first two months.
Beginning of the first month, a second movement comes from the liver.
Blood will develop from the liver.
And it's only around the third month that a part begins.
to form in the bone marrow. So we could say that we develop again from
the periphery towards the center. Umbilico-pedicular period,
hepatic period and here it will be a period
we could say at the level of red blood cells. The only vestige that will remain
of this development
vitelline will be the mesenteric artery. It served as
a rotation axis, a fulcrum for rotation.
of the development of the intestinal loop, at the moment when my amniotic cavity does this all
around, at the same moment I have my vitelline vesicle
which is there, which contains the original cells
for circulation, does this and reintegrates
for a part with the vitelline vesicle
embryonic pellicle to form the umbilical colon with the placenta and the
vestige that will connect,
it's the superior mesenteric system.
superior.
Axis of rotation
very important for embryonic development.
When we look at the heart,
you have the arch of the aorta.
Symbolically, we can say it goes up
or down.
Your right hand like this,
this represents
the movement of the heart.
In its beat, which repeats, almost a developmental movement.
The arch of the aorta, it's something that makes a twisting or untwisting movement in the heart's movement.
twisting or untwisting movement.
When the heart pushes, the arch of the aorta opens to
absorb the blood.
When it goes down, it empties by making a movement like this.
So when it does this, the arch of the aorta,
opens to take the blood and closes to eject it, in fact.
So we must connect the arch of the aorta to the heart, in function.
So it's a bit like people who play basketball.
When I go up,
that's when the aorta ejects its volume.
You know that the aorta contains in its blood volume almost as much blood as the heart,
arterially speaking, you see.
And so that means the aorta participates.
in systolic ejection, but don't forget that it is supported by the fascial environment,
by the fishnet stocking. You have the arch of the aorta, you
have the bronchial bifurcation,
and you also have another part which is the esophagus. They are connected by
this common fascia,
which are held together. This is what we call the rhythmic zone point. 100
000 heartbeats.
heartbeats.
24 hours, 23 thousand breaths in 24 hours, 1000
to 2000 swallows, it's a large rhythmic zone
that all joins and attaches between D3, D4 and D5,
which are
a plane of equilibrium on a fascial plane of the cardio-pleuro-digestive rhythmic zone.
pleuro-digestive. I have the aorta here, I have the heart here, and below there will be a very important bifurcation here that we call the iliac arteries, and here above I will have another level, but in fact this forms a unitary plane, we can say, purely. We see that in certain pathologies of the coxofemoral type or anything, it can destabilize the heart, and conversely, what happens here in the rotation phases here can manifest itself up to the heart.
anything, it can destabilize the heart, and conversely, what happens here in the phases
of rotation here can manifest
manifest itself up to the heart.